Updated documentation (#40)
exasol/powerbi-exasol: README.md

:exclamation: As the Exasol Connector is now shipped with the On-premises data gateway it is not necessary to install the Exasol.mez from this repository in the Custom Connectors folder of the Gateway. Actually the data gateway only works with the shipped connector from Microsoft. If you upgrade from older version versions of the On-Premises data gateway please delete the Exasol.mez from the custom connectors folder and restart the gateway service.

> Also make sure you install the latest Exasol ODBC driver and Visual C++ Redistributable on the machine/VM where you install the data gateway, just as you would when you intend to use the connector for Power BI Desktop.(More information above under the 'Prerequisites' section)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also make sure you install the latest Exasol ODBC driver and Visual C++ Redistributable on the machine/VM where you install the data gateway, just as you would when you intend to use the connector for Power BI Desktop, for more information see section [Prerequisites](#prerequisites).
```
